{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red145\green135\blue249;\red255\green255\blue255;\red216\green194\blue233;
\red123\green87\blue149;\red241\green156\blue235;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c63769\c61836\c98229;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c0;\cssrgb\c87984\c80929\c92985;
\cssrgb\c55828\c42894\c65194;\cssrgb\c96159\c69098\c93715;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 var\cf4 \strokec4  aText \cf5 \strokec5 =\cf4 \strokec4  \cf5 \strokec5 new\cf4 \strokec4  \cf6 \strokec6 Array\cf4 \strokec4 (\
    \cf6 \strokec6 "(Transcript started on Feb 14 2022, Finished on Feb 17 2022)"\cf4 \strokec4 ,\
    \cf6 \strokec6 ""\cf4 \strokec4 ,\
    \cf6 \strokec6 ""\cf4 \strokec4 ,\
    \cf6 \strokec6 "Text"\cf4 \strokec4 ,\
    \cf6 \strokec6 ""\cf4 \strokec4 ,\
    \cf6 \strokec6 "Look where we are right now. It all started when we met in a game of Arsenal, and now, 9 months later, we are the closest of friends. You stayed in contact through difficult times for you and me. You have really helped me persevere through life. You made me look forward toward the time where I can forget about what happened that day and have fun chatting or playing games with you. I also appreciate the fact that you introduced me into your friend groups. I now have many more people to talk to and mingle with."\cf4 \strokec4 ,\
    \cf6 \strokec6 ""\cf4 \strokec4 ,\
    \cf6 \strokec6 "I'm very grateful that you are still in my life today and hope that you will still be in contact with me in the future. I can't possibly express how thankful for you I am."\cf4 \strokec4 ,\
    \cf6 \strokec6 ""\cf4 \strokec4 ,\
    \cf6 \strokec6 "Happy Valentine's Day,"\cf4 \strokec4 ,\
    \cf6 \strokec6 "Ovlic"\cf4 \strokec4 ,\
)\
\'93(Project started on Sept 11 2022, Finished on Sept -- 2022)\'94,\
\'93\'94,\
\'93Text\'94,\
\'93I can\'92t imagine a life where I didn\'92t meet you. Ever since last August we have been talking nonstop and sharing moments from our lives together. We had our issues but we always were able to recover from them and change our ways. You changed me for the better and I can\'92t even express how thankful I am for that. Even though you and I don\'92t talk as much anymore, I want you to know that you still mean a lot to me. Thank you for making the past year so fun and letting me tag along on your adventures.\'94,\
\'93\'94\
\'93Happy Birthday,\'94\
}